# hello-world
This is where I introduce myself to the community, tell about the projects I'm currently working on, share my interests, ideas and propose discussions. 

### Hi there 👋

- 🔭 I’m a university student of Science and Technology, and also from Computer Science and Mathematics at Universidade Federal of ABC (one of the highest-ranked universities of Brazil). I'm currently working on C.A.A.P. (Central Acadêmica de Atividade Poliesportivas), as General Director of Planning and Property. CAAP is the Academic Center for Multisport Activities, the athletic student organization of my university. I'm responsible for planning our activities, for example, sports training, parties for the community, social action, and events. I'm also responsible for managing the logistics of our goods and managing a team.
- 🌱 I’m currently learning data science and how to program with Python, R, SQL, and Java. My intentions are to use it to offer the best decision process to the company I'll work (not defined yet), I'm looking for it. I'm also investing time in learning Web Development with HTML, CSS, SQL, and JavaScript. I recently started and I'm finishing a week's course in this branch of programming. 
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on projects that offer solutions for our needs as human beings, and try to understand the problems in our routines to offer solutions. I believe that technology should be used to make life richer, to help people live an easier, more valuable, and happier life, and technology has these powers while making people work together for a common goal. That's why I'm planning two projects to help people around me. The first one is a solution for better learning and facilitate the contact between teachers that are trying to make money and students that are looking for their services; and also to unite people in study groups. And the second one is a project for my current work, briefly, it's an easier way to access information of the organization based on profile categories, such as an athlete, student, associate, coach, management member, and so on...

